this for what mother has been a great moment for you
first I wanted to
from feyenoord
yes it was
a nice sandwich open ma mère I have experienced
it went much more difficult but you than expected today
i think you'll be the first anp one to find out alone
and in the second half we converted the year
10 yes the bm
but i saw psv yesterday ajax you it too difficult but we are already happy with
the 4 0
what is that then all those who actually have the biggest clubs in the country
all also struggling all together with all due respect the little ones
amateurs
make daily
and then yesterday and thereby first bother yourself
yes that's possible it's just that ma
the cup football stagnates appart
it is a disaster the team year gives everything
we have to get through the football player and the first half did not succeed
just about finally in the second team too big a difference in quality
Yes I think so
as jamal they first make a huge difference themselves in what is completely different
but I think so I think the second half and
went on to play soccer
this was also a law so that we have some players who are not always insured
are from a base place get a chance of training yes you are one
of which your players
I had a chance for your hobby
well i think i can do a lot better than what i showed today
but
exactly to be further in
yes i hope so
do you have after how there is one of the competitors of kelvin leerdam then hear
you the news that he does not renew his contract you also hear especially the response
of your trainings and how
do you react as a competitor of the young to that news of means to you
maybe new possibilities too yes it is the football world that works that way
but yes growers do not extend contract to training
make your choice
and that he therefore not only has the best perspective for where else
midfielders
but we are going to see it
what have you done about the daughter yes built much more expensive
as well as being able to subdue soccer, also always initially
you so with other expectations but fine with its yes of course
roda plays every week
we are on the rise in the game you play every match in a year
are you comfortable in it and now and then you don't play
well that is indeed getting used to proxies again but the first year at roda
experienced exactly the same
the shoes stood master mails to opposition
yes we have to be patient and show you knokke yes that the come
preferably with the draws that the last cliché question of each
child's hour took the cup match
for that we offer see it
did you leak a bit of a good cause
I thought that from Hanegem it went already I day and Stefan the free
to make life both of you all bart of bastia therefore it does not matter
but we are going later I am curious no thank you